# November Update: What’s New?

Rust is getting a new update in November 2023 that will bring a lot of new features and changes to the game. Here are some of the highlights of the upcoming update:
- Base Decor DLC: This new DLC will let players customize the interior of their bases with various items that will add more personality and functionality to their living spaces. Some of the items include storage barrels, wanted posters, single gun racks, hunting trophies, planters, chairs, a new skinning knife, and more. The DLC will cost $9.99 and will be available on Steam.
- Radiation on Oil Rigs: To prevent players from camping on the oil rigs and hoarding the loot, the developers have added radiation to the oil rigs that will force players to leave after hacking the crate. The radiation will start 45 minutes after the crate is hacked and ramp up to 100 rads over 5 minutes. This will make the oil rigs more challenging and rewarding for players who dare to venture there.
- Saddle Bags Changes: The saddle bags on horses have been revamped to have 12 slots instead of 6 and be split into two inventories: one for equipment and one for storage. The equipment inventory will hold items such as weapons, armor, tools, and medical supplies, while the storage inventory will hold items such as resources, components, and food. The UI has also been improved to make it more logical for players to access and manage their items.
- Tutorial Island: This is a new feature that will help new players learn the basics of Rust in a safe and friendly environment. Tutorial island will be a separate server that will guide players through various tasks such as gathering resources, crafting items, building bases, fighting enemies, and more. Players will be able to access tutorial island from the main menu and leave at any time.
- Metal Detector: This is a new item that can detect buried treasure or hidden traps in the ground. The metal detector will emit a sound and a light when it detects something metallic nearby. Players can use the metal detector to find loot caches, landmines, bear traps, or other surprises that other players may have left behind.
- Rail Network Links: This is a new system that will allow players to travel between monuments using trains. The rail network will consist of several stations that will connect different monuments such as the launch site, the airfield, the power plant, and more. Players will be able to board trains at any station and pay a small fee of scrap to travel to their destination. Trains will run on a schedule and have limited seats, so players will have to plan ahead and be careful of other passengers.
- M249 SAW: This is a new weapon that will be a powerful light machine gun that can fire 100 rounds per minute and has a bipod for stability. The M249 SAW will be very rare and expensive to obtain, as it will only drop from elite crates or helicopter crashes. The M249 SAW will be able to shred through enemies and structures with ease, but it will also have high recoil and low accuracy at long ranges.
- Armored Carriage: This is a new train carriage that will be a heavily fortified vehicle that can withstand attacks from other players and has a mounted turret for defense. The armored carriage will be randomly attached to some trains and will contain high-tier loot inside. Players who want to access the loot will have to break through the armored doors or windows using explosives or heavy weapons. The armored carriage will also have a turret that will fire at anyone who tries to attack it or board it without permission.